# Spring 2022 Foundations of Web Design and Development — Assignment 1 (Basic HTML)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
This assignment requires that you create a basic, three-page web site about you or someone else, fictitious or real.

---

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

---

## Preparation
### The Axe Plugin
Ensure the [axe plugin](https://www.deque.com/axe/) is installed in Firefox. There’s also a version for Mac. Consider installing them both.

Once installed, verify the installation. Bring up Firefox’s dev tools, then, in the row of tabs on the top, look for “axe” at the end on the right.

### W3C Validation
Ensure you’re using the [`w3c-validation` package](https://atom.io/packages/w3c-validation) for Atom. If you’re not, install it.

Verify that it’s working by opening an HTML document in Atom, then saving. Errors are reported in Atom’s lower left corner when the document is saved.

**Note**: The validator fails subtly, which means nothing is rendered in the lower left corner of Atom when an HTML document is saved. To fix it, disable then enable the package in Atom’s Packages settings.

---

## Directions
* You may **not** use any libraries, such as Bootstrap, for this assignment.
* The three pages you create *must* be `index.html`, `contact.html`, and `about.html`.
* The `index` page must contain some basic information about you/your subject. A paragraph will suffice.
* The `index` page must also contain an image of you/your subject. It may be `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, or `.svg` and cannot be larger than 1MB in size. It *must* be placed in the `img` folder.
* The `contact` page should contain a link to an email address and two links to social media platforms. Choose any social media platforms you please.
* The `about` page should extend on the intro content found on the `index` page, perhaps adding one or two paragraphs.
* Each of the three pages must contain a simple navigation that allows users to navigate between all three pages.
* All pages must use, at the bare minimum, the following elements: `header`, `nav`, `main`, `p`, `a`, `img` and elements from the outlining algorithm.
* The `title` and the `meta name="description"` elements must observe SEO best practices, as discussed in class, and must differ for each of the three pages.
* Your HTML must be valid, per the [w3c-validation](https://atom.io/packages/w3c-validation) Atom package. You may also validate at [http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input](http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).
* Folders and files must use lowercase, combined with kebab case. For example, `do-this` or `do-this.html`. Further, no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); and, no snake case (`not_this`).
* Ensure the axe plugin for Firefox generates a “Congratulations” message.

---

## Due Date
⏰ **Wednesday, 16 February 2022, at 8:00 AM. At that time, the repo will be closed and will not accept any more submissions. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

---

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

---

## Grading
| Item                                                        | Points |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| *All three pages included*                                  | `10`   |
| *Using bare minimum of HTML elements in a semantic fashion* | `20`   |
| *HTML is W3C-compliant*                                     | `10`   |
| *Page is accessible via axe validation*                     | `10`   |
| *Navigation implemented*                                    | `20`   |
| *`title` and `meta` elements observe SEO best practices*    | `10`   |
| *Image is included in a folder called `img`*                | `5`    |
| *Image is 1MB or smaller*                                   | `10`   |
| *Files and folders use kebab case and lowercase*            | `5`    |
